diffrent changes. see list (#13)
HCL-TECH-SOFTWARE/dx-portlet-development-utilities: page_creation_utility/README.md

# Page Creation

> This project contains a [Java utility](https://github.com/HCL-TECH-SOFTWARE/dx-portlet-development-utilities/blob/main/pageimport/src/main/java/com/hcl/dx/sample/util/Utility.java) to create a single page using a default or by selecting an existing page template. The project gives an example source code that shows how to use the Controller and Model SPI calls related to WCM, for which the API calls will be handled inside of a JSP JSCR286 portlet that provides the graphical user interface.  

Reviewer: Not sure what is meant with Java Utility? The project contains sample code to create pages.

Author: That was a suggestion by Herbert. Because our github repository has the name "dx-portlet-development-utilities", we want to show up or describe, why it is part of the repository. In functionality point of view it is a utility, because you can create Portal pages with that deployed project. But it is also some kind of utility, when you want to use that as an example code for your own coding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains a Java utility to create a single page using a default template or by selecting an existing page template. The project gives example source code that shows how to use the Controller and Model SPI calls related to WCM, for which the API calls will be handled inside of a JSP JSR286 portlet that provides the graphical user interface.  
```

It requires the parent page unique name under which the new page needs to be created. You may find the unique name under the Manage Pages portlets, e.g. shown here for parentPage.
You need to provide the page name and friendly URL for your new page, and then there are two samples, explained here.

## Utility Features

### Create new page with Web Content Viewer configured to a content sample

If you provide the Content UUID, it will create a page based on the default page template which has a Web Content Viewer portlet deployed. It will set this portlet with your content you provided.
Follow these steps to try this.

> 1. Find out a valid UUID in your environment.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find out a valid content UUID in your environment.  
```
